Don't talk nonsense with me
I just can't see you so proud
If you can't see it, ask your uncle to tie me to the brothel
It's a pity that your abacus failed
It's your problem that caused the current situation
You can only suffer
Princess Qi doesn't understand what you're saying
Play dumb, right?
Chu Mingcui
I will take revenge for everything you do to me
You better be careful
Obviously you took everything from me
I could have been Princess Chu
You obviously gave up on Yuwen Hao yourself
Nonsense, don't take others for fools
Back then, at the Duke's Mansion, you obviously saw it all
You just have to step up.
The person who married into the Chu Palace may be you
But you chose Yu Wenqing
Maybe you think he has a better chance of winning
You're talking nonsense, you obviously broke us up
Let's just say so.
So what?
At least the royal family will be much cleaner without you
I don't know what he sees in you
Obviously a useless person
The well-informed Princess Qi
Can also say the same
Such you
King Qi and Yuwen Hao knew
Shut up you don't deserve to replace them
Sweep up
Here we go.
Come on, come on, come on
Princess Chu wants to kill Princess Qi